Must enjoy the expectation minister to find
What are these?
OK
These are the sun-avoiding drugs for walking the rivers and lakes
The younger brother is too young to grasp
Autumn is full of dust
It's the fastest way to assassinate and poison
Gao Fu keeps a few big yellow dogs
As the saying goes, keep a dog for a thousand days and use a dog for a while
Chen just happened to go back to the audition
But considering the different body shapes of humans and dogs
In order to reduce errors
The best Your Majesty can win is a few dead balls
But this poisoning is not very decent
I cannot give the world an explanation for myself
Want to capture the container alive?
Then convict him
Kill or not, let's talk about it later
I want to wash this blood away
Narrow down to the smallest possible range
What do you think I should do?
I understand that it sounds better to spread it here.
In this way, His Majesty can set up a Hongmen Palace
Banquet and prince
Invite him to explore the way of wisdom
In fact, the palace arranged for God to be the father
Just wait for His Majesty to throw a cup for him
They rushed to kill Jinsheng's lover together
I will eat it directly into money
Just in case.
It's in the past today, just these three facts
best
You can pity your conscience and drink the Red Army before you act
The king is not allowed to bring anything into the palace
Don't advance in a straight line
Your Majesty's simple means do not ensure
As long as Prince Rong is positioned afterwards
That is the prime minister of the civil servant
Must be able to easily list dozens of sins for him
I hold a fist
Capture Prince Rong
The hard part is to capture the henchmen under Prince Rong
Conviction of Prince Rong
If this Prince Rong had lived a life without serious sin
Sin not to death
I changed it again
simple